Hey, good morning family. How are y'all doing? Well, glory to God, it was an amazing week. I just want to show you my shirt again.
I know if you haven't been on my broadcast here and seen this, it says 'Jesus the Healer.'I got this at Nancy Dufresne's where they were having a healing service, and I still love this.
I'm going to keep it out there all the time. You can get it on her website.
This is Diana; she got this on Amazon and I thought this was cute.
She says, 'Make Heaven crowded.'Yep, make Heaven crowded. I thought it was fun. I just like witty stuff.
One of the prophetic words of the Lord told me about the glory.
He said that the glory would show up at Sister Billye Brim's prayer conference.
Well, we went through the whole week and I was about ready to go home because I didn't see what the Lord showed me in the vision.
I was really bummed about it because I knew what the Lord showed me when I was praying.
So I said, 'Lord, I know I didn't miss it,'because I know you showed it to me.
When I see a vision and I'm hearing from the Lord, I know I've heard the Lord; I don't question it, it's that clear.
I was packing my stuff to come home on Sunday, and I told my wife, 'I'm going home, I'm tired.'But the Lord said, 'Brandon, if you go home, you're missing it.
You have to go to the tent meeting.'We were checking out and He said, 'Check back in.
Check back in.'So I was like, 'Well, okay.'I told Diana that something was going to happen supernaturally at the tent meeting.
We were anticipating it. I told Sister Billye, 'The Lord said that something's going to happen at the tent meeting.'This is awesome.
We go to the tent revival because I told you it's going to start with Billye. I saw the glory come in a cloud at Billye Brim's service.
The Lord told me that starting from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, it would be first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation of what was coming.
We would start to see the outpouring of healings manifest. But He said it would start at Billye's prayer conference.
I was excited about it because I know in my spirit that we are there and it's time to start to see the demonstrations and manifestations of the glory of God.
Like I said, we went all week and didn't see anything. So we were leaving, and I was just disappointed. The Lord said, 'Don't.'So we went to the tent meeting.
The offerings were taken, the preaching was completely done, and they were getting ready to dismiss the church.
I am staring up in the sky going, 'What gives, Lord? What happened?
There's crickets, nothing.'All of a sudden, Diana sees the glory cloud come in.
I had a glimpse of it before during the service, and I was thinking, 'Is that You, Lord?'in a vision. I see the same thing she's seeing in the spirit.
It came up halfway to one of the tent poles right by the stage, but it wasn't on the stage, it was right beside it.
It just hovered there. It stayed right there. It wasn't around the speaker on the stage; it was just like a pillar.
How big do you think it was? It was probably about three or four feet tall.
It was the size of a small child, but it was definitely there.
It was like a heavy mist, a cloud-looking thing around that tent pole right there.
I compared it to all the other tent poles, and none of them had that.
I even rubbed my eyes again and I looked and I said, 'That's the glory.'I kept blinking and thinking, 'Do I have a film on my eye?
Is it like when you get those eye boogers or whatever and you're rubbing your eye?'I tell you, the man that I was shown in the throne room flies into the meeting.
I see him and I'm like, 'Oh my gosh!'because whenever I went to the throne room and the Lord said, 'I am that I am,'there was a man praying at the throne for the nations.
His prayers were going before the Father, circling the throne room like a comet or a fireball.
They went inside of the Lord, and He was breathing in the prayers and they were coming out of His mouth, going all throughout the throne.
This man was interceding for the glorious outpouring in the nations. This is the man that the Lord showed me.
He shows up at the tent revival, and I spoke to him and said, 'Wow, I've waited for so long to talk to you because of what the Lord showed me.'He was excited to meet me and we talked, but I didn't know that the Lord spoke to him about the tent meeting too, and that's why he flew there.
Next, the guest speaker completely leaves with his family.
They're gone. Sister Billye is getting ready to dismiss the crowd.
This man comes up and says, 'I have a word to give about healings.'The Lord said He's not done with the service yet.
He was shown on the way here in the plane that there were going to be creative miracles, signs, and wonders in this tent meeting, just like the Lord showed me.
As he said that, I saw that the glory cloud started spreading.
You could just feel the tangible presence of the Lord. As it spread, you could see it above the people's heads. You could see that thick mist.
It was almost like whenever you get out of a really, really hot shower; it was like a thick fog like that, but it was like oxygen that you were breathing.
It was thicker at the top and it was thinner at the bottom. It was just a heavy mist, like a fog across the top of everybody's heads.
I said, 'The glory's here!'and I just started screaming, 'The glory is here!'I am worshiping the Lord, holding one of the metal tent poles, and Diana took her hand and hit me.
The power of God knocked me on my nees. I fell back, boom, and I hit the chair because the power of God was all over her and the glory came all over me.
Then our little girl fell out in the Holy Spirit. When Diana said the glory is here, my little girl went 'boop'and hit the ground.
I fell out and hit the chair and went 'wow'because it was amazing. Then he ran out through the crowd laying hands on people.
As he did that, the glory cloud just rose until it reached all the way to the top peaks of the tent.
It went all the way up and it was everywhere. Even with the tent flaps open, it stayed inside the tent, permeating everything.
As I saw people, they were breathing it in and I could see them getting healed without even anybody touching them.
It was amazing. It was the coolest, like Azusa Street. It was exactly like that, like a glory cloud.
I just kept screaming, 'The glory is here,'so many times that I almost lost my voice.
We were so excited because we've waited on this moment. Thank You, Lord, for healing Your people.
Let us bring glory to Your name, that Your name would be great among all Your people.
Then Pastor Tracy started calling out the names and what the Lord was healing.
He said there are people getting healed of their shoulders.
Diana's shoulder was hurting for a while, and the power of God hit her shoulder and it was completely healed.
He was saying, 'Do what you couldn't do before,'and she was rotating that whole entire shoulder joint.
By the second time she did it, the pain just dissipated. It was really intense pain. People got healed of hearts.
The power of God was touching people, and the angels were coming and distributing new hearts, giving body parts, and people had new livers. Just signs and wonders.
If you go back to what the Lord showed me, He said, 'Brandon, the miracles would start at Billye's.'I was thinking, 'Lord, I guess I missed it,'and then suddenly the glory showed up.
This is that what the Lord said. This is that. I was just weeping, watching all the people. Everybody was being touched.
I think they were all in shock because they were dismissing the church when the glory showed up. Even Sister Billye, I could see it on her face.
She was kind of like, 'What is going on in here?'She walked over to the side where we were sitting, and I said, 'I told you so!
I told you this is what I was trying to say. The glory is this.'It's time to believe for the impossible.
Now, I'm telling you, we are in the hour that creative miracles, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory are going to start coming on the earth like we've never seen before.
It's time to get excited. It's an exciting time to be alive. We're seeing a move of God.
I have never ever been to a revival like that in my entire life, and I've been to tons of revivals like Kenneth Hagin's and everything.
Those were amazing too, but I've never been to one quite like this where He allowed me to see the manifestation of glory all over the people.
I went up on the stage because Billye said I could. As I described how I saw the people breathing it in and getting healed, there was a man the Holy Spirit drew my focus to.
He lifted his head up to the heavens and the Lord said, 'I just healed him.'I wept again.
It was the most amazing thing, something so precious and holy.
It's amazing when you see people who have been suffering for so long and you see the power of God setting them free.
The service started at noon and didn't get over until 2:00. You lose yourself in a service like that. Diana, you lose track of time in the glory.
We've talked about how it's going to start in Branson, Missouri, in the theaters with Hannah and her mama, and even what the Lord showed us at the Glorious Church.
I'm telling you all, I really believe, just like He said, first the blade, then the ear, and then the full manifestation.
We're living in the end times. The revival is happening; this is the beginning.
It's going to be a quick work. It's time to get excited and radical. He's coming!
People say, 'I've heard that before; my grandma told me that since 1907.'No, you all need to listen to me.
When I hear God and tell you I see something, I see something.
I'm trying to warn you about the Yankees and praying over their game in the World Series.
I told you to intercede that there would be no attack against the games.
We have to pray about distractions. You say the October surprise hasn't come; surprise is not a bad word.
Surprise is 'the glory is here.'Surprise is 'I'm going to bring my demonstrations.'It's not a 'poo-poo package.'God is a good God and the devil's a bad devil.
I've seen the bubble pop. I've seen what the devil was trying to do with the economy and the government with terrorist attacks.
But if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray, then I will heal their land. That's a covenant promise.
He said, 'Brandon, start prayer on this channel for the next 30 plus days interceding for America.'We're praying for the elections two weeks from tomorrow.
I believe we have power and authority over the devil to bind him up.
We are taking authority over that Antichrist spirit and saying, 'It's not time.'We will have our revival and a harvest of souls like this world has never seen before.
We will have a billion-soul harvest. We're not leaving this earth defeated.
God wins. Spoiler alert: He wins. It's an exciting time to be alive.
You're alive right now for such a time as this. The Lord said, 'My people are thirsty, Brandon.
Bring them a drink; bring them some hope.'You've got the glory on one side, and darkness is going to get darker on the other.
The birthing pains will not stop; they're going to increase.
But the glory is coming to the church and it's going to outshine it all. Diana could smell the fragrance of His presence again.
If you have the opportunity to get in Holy Ghost meetings, you should.
There were so many who flew in from all parts of the United States.
I talked to a lady from Rhode Island; her husband just got born again.
She was looking for healing in her own life, and the power of God was tangible on my hand.
I felt the power of God go into her mind because the Lord said, 'You pray for her, Brandon.'I laid hands on her and I'm believing God she's set free.
If not us, who will? We're His body. He said lay hands on the sick and they will recover.
We have got to take the land. The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Jesus asked me, 'Will you help me bring in the harvest?'How hungry and desperate are you for this move of God? It's time to believe God for the impossible.
The older generation will stay; I saw the glory restoring them like Moses, so their eyes would not grow dim and their youth would be renewed like the eagles.
The Lord spoke to Diana. She had an amazing experience where He said, 'You quote